Update seeding-your-database.mdx (#21240)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/cli/seeding-your-database.mdx

You can generate seed data for local development using [Snaplet](https://www.snaplet.dev/).

If this is your first time using Snaplet to seed your project, you'll need to setup Snaplet
for your project with `npx snaplet setup`, and follow the interactive prompts. `snaplet setup`
will look at your database and its structure, and use it to generate the configuration files
and assets needed by `@snaplet/seed`.

Suppose we have a database with the following schema:

![An example schema](/docs/img/guides/cli/snaplet-example-schema.png)

We can use the Snaplet configuration file `seed.mts` to define the values we want to generate. For example

- A `Post` with the title `"There is a lot of snow around here!"`

> - The `Post.author` user with an email address ending in `"@acme.org"`

Reviewer: Just looking at the schema [here](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/blob/cb70067743cd3d414fea9b5f6658b03597c1dc3a/apps/docs/public/img/guides/cli/snaplet-example-schema.png). I think its okay to keep it as `createdBy`, that way we don't have to change the image?

Author: Ah shoot I actually thought that and then somehow went ahead and changed them anyways; thanks!

- Three `Post.comments` from three different users.

```ts seed.mts
import { createSeedClient } from '@snaplet/seed'
import { copycat } from '@snaplet/copycat'

const seed = await createSeedClient();

await seed.posts([{
  title: "There is a lot of snow around here!"

>   author: {

Reviewer: Then same here, instead of `author`, let's use `userCreatedBy`

>     email: copycat.email(ctx.seed, {
>       domain: 'acme.org' 
>     }),

Reviewer: small change.

```suggestion
    email: (ctx) =>
      copycat.email(ctx.seed, {
        domain: 'acme.org',
      })
```

You can generate seed data for local development using [Snaplet](https://www.snaplet.dev/).

If this is your first time using Snaplet to seed your project, you'll need to setup Snaplet
for your project with `npx snaplet setup`, and follow the interactive prompts. `snaplet setup`
will look at your database and its structure, and use it to generate the configuration files
and assets needed by `@snaplet/seed`.

> Suppose we have a database with the following schema:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Suppose you have a database with the following schema:
```

![An example schema](/docs/img/guides/cli/snaplet-example-schema.png)

> We can use the Snaplet configuration file `seed.mts` to define the values we want to generate. For example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the Snaplet configuration file `seed.mts` to define the values you want to generate. For example
```

- A `Post` with the title `"There is a lot of snow around here!"`
- The `Post.createdBy` user with an email address ending in `"@acme.org"`
- Three `Post.comments` from three different users.

```ts seed.mts
import { createSeedClient } from '@snaplet/seed'
import { copycat } from '@snaplet/copycat'

const seed = await createSeedClient();

await seed.posts([{
  title: "There is a lot of snow around here!"
  createdBy: {
    email: (ctx) =>
      copycat.email(ctx.seed, {
        domain: 'acme.org',
      })
  },
  comments: (x) => x(3)
}])
```

> Running `npx tsx seed.mts > supabase/seed.sql` would generate these relevant SQL statements inside our `supabase/seed.sql` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running `npx tsx seed.mts > supabase/seed.sql` generates the relevant SQL statements inside your `supabase/seed.sql` file:
```
